doc/overview: mention SSH requirement (#1343)
labgrid-project/labgrid: doc/overview.rst

This is useful to register externally configured resources such as network
power switches or serial port servers with a labgrid coordinator.

.. note::
  Users will require SSH access to the exporter to access services and command
  line utilities. You also have to ensure that users can access usb devices for

>   i.e. imx-usb-loader. To emulate a jump to a device over the exporter, `ssh -J

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  i.e. imx-usb-loader. To test a jump to a device over the exporter outside of labgrid, `ssh -J
```
